c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Vedligehold.dll.config
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Vedligehold.dll
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Vedligehold.pdb
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\obj\Debug\Vedligehold.csproj.App.config
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\obj\Debug\Vedligehold.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\obj\Debug\Vedligehold.Views.HomePage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\obj\Debug\Vedligehold.Views.StatisticsPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\obj\Debug\Vedligehold.Views.MaintenancePage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\obj\Debug\Vedligehold.dll
c:\users\klaus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\obj\Debug\Vedligehold.pdb
C:\Users\klaus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\obj\Debug\Vedligehold.Views.TaskDetail.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\klaus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\obj\Debug\Vedligehold.dll.mdb
C:\Users\klaus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Vedligehold.dll.mdb
C:\Users\klaus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\obj\Debug\Vedligehold.dll.mdb
C:\Users\klaus\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\Vedligehold\bin\Debug\Vedligehold.dll.mdb
